Content type templates (#4465)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: docs/templates/explanation-template.md

---
title: Noun or nouns describing your subject
content_type: explanation

> no_version: true # Disables the version selector dropdown. Set this on pages that belong to doc sets without versions like /konnect/.
> alpha: true # Labels the page as alpha; adds a banner to the top of the page.
> beta: true # Labels the page as beta; adds a banner to the top of the page.
> disable_image_expand: true # Stops images from expanding in a modal on click. Sets it for the entire page.
> class: no-copy-code # Disables the copy code button for all code blocks on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Optional values. Uncomment any that apply to your document.

# no_version: true # Disables the version selector dropdown. Set this on pages that belong to doc sets without versions like /konnect/.
# alpha: true # Labels the page as alpha; adds a banner to the top of the page.
# beta: true # Labels the page as beta; adds a banner to the top of the page.
# disable_image_expand: true # Stops images from expanding in a modal on click. Sets it for the entire page.
# class: no-copy-code # Disables the copy code button for all code blocks on the page.
```
Similar to the plugin template, how about commenting out any values that are not required in the front matter? Not sure if the intro line I added is necessary though.

---

<!-- Add an introduction paragraph here. Good introductions explain who this explanation topic is for and what this guide will cover. -->
<!-- See https://documentation.divio.com/explanation/ for more info about how to write an explanation article -->
<!-- See the following examples of explanation documentation:
* https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/key-concepts/routes/
* https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/production/deployment-topologies/hybrid-mode/
* https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/kong-enterprise/plugin-ordering/
-->
<!-- Remove these comments once you are done writing -->

## First section <!-- Header optional if there's only one section in the article -->

<!-- The first section should be about the main idea of the topic -->
<!-- You can also use bulleted lists and paragraphs to describe -->

Here's information about this topic. This feature has the following benefits:

* First item
* Second item

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Subsection <!-- Optional --> 

 <!--  Go into more detail about some aspect of the functionality you're describing -->
 
 <!-- H2 is the highest header level a topic can have. If using nested headers, make sure that they're sequential. An H2 can contain an H3, but not the other way around. -->
 
```
Adding this to make it hopefully more obvious that you don't have to just use H2s + some guidance. It seems like common sense but you'd be surprised how many of these we've had to fix.

---
title: Noun or nouns describing your subject
content_type: explanation

# Optional values. Uncomment any that apply to your document.

# no_version: true # Disables the version selector dropdown. Set this on pages that belong to doc sets without versions like /konnect/.
# alpha: true # Labels the page as alpha; adds a banner to the top of the page.
# beta: true # Labels the page as beta; adds a banner to the top of the page.
---

> Add an introduction paragraph here. Good introductions explain who this explanation topic is for and what this guide will cover.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add an introduction paragraph here. Good introductions explain who this explanation topic is for and what this guide will cover.
```
I think these intro paragraphs should fit the content type. So maybe "Good explanation documentation introductions express ..."

Reviewer 2: With examples, even if they are made up.

<!-- See https://documentation.divio.com/explanation/ for more info about how to write an explanation article -->
<!-- See the following examples of explanation documentation:
* https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/key-concepts/routes/
* https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/production/deployment-topologies/hybrid-mode/
* https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/kong-enterprise/plugin-ordering/
-->
<!-- Remove these comments once you are done writing --> 

## First section <!-- Header optional if there's only one section in the article -->

<!-- The first section should be about the main idea of the topic -->
<!-- You can also use bulleted lists and paragraphs to describe -->

> Here's information about this topic. This feature has the following benefits:
> 
> * First item
> * Second item

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's information about this topic. This feature has the following benefits:

* First item
* Second item
```

Explanations can also be about concepts, or contexts. What if you did,  "here is information about this topic that this guide will explain'

### Subsection <!-- Optional --> 

>  <!--  Go into more detail about some aspect of the functionality you're describing -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 <!--  Go into more detail about some aspect of the functionality, concept, bigger picture context,  you're describing -->
```
Lets change this to

content_type: explanation

# Optional values. Uncomment any that apply to your document.

# no_version: true # Disables the version selector dropdown. Set this on pages that belong to doc sets without versions like /konnect/.
# alpha: true # Labels the page as alpha; adds a banner to the top of the page.
# beta: true # Labels the page as beta; adds a banner to the top of the page.
# disable_image_expand: true # Stops images from expanding in a modal on click. Sets it for the entire page.
# class: no-copy-code # Disables the copy code button for all code blocks on the page.
---

<!-- Add an introduction paragraph here. Good introductions explain who this explanation topic is for and what this guide will cover. -->
<!-- See https://documentation.divio.com/explanation/ for more info about how to write an explanation article -->
<!-- See the following examples of explanation documentation:
* https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/key-concepts/routes/
* https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/production/deployment-topologies/hybrid-mode/
* https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/kong-enterprise/plugin-ordering/
-->
<!-- Remove these comments once you are done writing -->

> ## First section <!-- Header optional if there's only one section in the article -->

Reviewer 3: Should there be a paragraph before the first header, or can we go straight from title to first header?

Author: I added info about an intro paragraph at the beginning (it's commented out), but I'll uncomment it to make it more clear.

---

> title: About <noun or nouns describing your subject> 

Author: @lena-larionova It was just something I thought of after looking at docs at other companies. GitHub has a similar rule for their explanation docs. I wasn't sure if a title like "About upstreams" would convey more clearly that the doc was explaining the topic vs. "Upstreams". 

I think the problem is more so that we sometimes call a tutorial or how-to topic a noun phrase like "Upstreams", so that makes it more confusing about what is conceptual info vs. task-based info.

> title: About <noun or nouns describing your subject> 

Reviewer: Hmm. I could see this being useful to have instead of calling everything "overview".

@Guaris any thoughts?

> title: About <noun or nouns describing your subject> 

Reviewer 2: I like it. I think we should do it. I think it may not be non-native english friendly, but that's only a gut feeling.

For example, you could start an explanation introduction paragraph about computers like the following:

"Computers are a digital machine that is used to perform operations, both arthimetic and logical, automatically. They can be useful in a variety of situations, such as to type a document, code software, or watch a video. This guide is for users who are new to computers and explains what computers are,their history, the benefits of using a computer, and drawbacks of using computers."

## First context section <!-- Header optional if there's only one section in the article -->

The first section should be about the main idea of the topic. The title for a explanation section generally starts with a noun. Examples include "History of computers", "Computer benefits", and "Computers and the internet". 

For example, if you were writing about computers, you could go into more detail about what they do, how they work, and so on. This would expand on the information that was in the introduction paragraph. 

### Subsection with more details <!-- Optional --> 

> Subsections go into more detail about some aspect of the functionality, concept, or bigger picture context of the topic. The title for a explanation section generally starts with a noun. Examples include "History of computers", "Computer benefits", and "Computers and the internet".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsections go into more detail about some aspect of the functionality, concept, or bigger picture context of the topic. Subsection titles should also start with a noun. For example, "Computers and the internet".
```

Reviewer: Trying to avoid repeating the previous section word for word.

For example, if you were writing about the larger context of computers in the main section, you could write about the history of computers in this section or the history of a particular computer.
 
Keep in mind that H2 is the highest header level a topic can have. If you are using nested headers, make sure that they're sequential. An H2 can contain an H3, but not the other way around.
 
## Second context section <!-- Optional -->

> Additional sections contain more information about another element of your topic. You could write about the benefits and drawbacks of your topic or you could write about how your topic interacts with another part of the software in depth. The title for a explanation section generally starts with a noun. Examples include "History of computers", "Computer benefits", and "Computers and the internet".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional sections contain more information about another element of your topic. You could write about the benefits and drawbacks of your topic or you could write about how your topic interacts with another part of the software in depth.
```

> For example, if you were writing about computers, this section could cover the benefits of using a computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you were writing about computers, this section could cover the benefits of using a computer, with the title "Computer benefits".
```

"Using a computer has the following benefits:

* Complete tasks in a faster amount of time than if you were completing them manually
* Surf the internet"

## See also <!-- Optional -->

This section should include a list of tutorials or how-to guides that a user can visit to extend their learning from this explanation article.

See the following examples of explanation documentation:

> * [Routes](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/key-concepts/routes/)
> * [Hybrid-mode](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/production/deployment-topologies/hybrid-mode/)
> * [Plugin ordering](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/kong-enterprise/plugin-ordering/)

Reviewer: Since these pages aren't going to be published by netlify, the version variable won't work. I imagine you also probably want to link to the live site, not the markdown source files, so I would put the full URLs here.

```suggestion
* [Routes](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/key-concepts/routes/)
* [Hybrid-mode](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/production/deployment-topologies/hybrid-mode/)
* [Plugin ordering](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/kong-enterprise/plugin-ordering/)
```
